In fact, it is okay not to clarify.
I don't mind spreading rumors about you.
Just forget it.
I don't want to spread rumors with an ordinary friend
It's like I'm flirty
Isn't it?
If you don't want to worry, you can go first.
Well, let me clarify.
Do you really not consider me?
Forget it.
Let's be friends.
Then I'll ask next time
The host, Fu Yunxi, is downstairs
Master Su has allowed Fu to be downstairs for more than an hour
You are so eventful
I just said it casually
Is this person sick?
Standing downstairs without calling
Are you waiting for a tour?
Why didn't you call me?
I understand that you are going abroad tomorrow
I'm afraid to disturb your rest.
Come on. Why?
About you saying goodbye
I don't agree with that.
And?
Continue to be your little lover
Yes, you say it with your conscience
I really only consider you as family
What top gifter have you seen?
Take it as an ancestor
But even so
It still doesn't change the fact that I'm just your ex
No? Then you can tell me.
I have never been in love
I know I'm emotionally flawed. I
I don't want you to worry.
I said and then what?
Lover succeeds
Even if we are together in the future
I'm still a lover, aren't I?
Then I'll pursue you again, okay?
you
Please give me another chance.
I'll think about it.